add testSerializationHooks option (#23)
seald/nedb: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres
to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.0.1] - 2022-09-02
### Added

> - Added a `testSerializationHooks` option which defaults to `true` to allow skipping the test of the hooks which may be slow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `testSerializationHooks` option which defaults to `true`. Setting to `false` allows to skip the test of the hooks, which may be slow.
```
